Add AI meeting summaries (#2017)
graphql/graphql-wg: notes/2026/summary-2026-07-02.md

## Next Steps

- mark: Update the agenda file by deleting one copy of Martine's name and adding himself.
- Martin: Add an admonition about future added values to the "writing robust applications" best practices page.
- Pascal: Create a summary of the opinionated decisions made in the OTel semantic conventions PR, highlighting areas for TSC review and feedback.
- Pascal: Investigate and decide on the correct naming convention (server vs. service) for the OTel spec, comparing with HTTP and gRPC examples.
- Benjie: Implement the "empty selection sets" change in GraphQL JS.
- Benjie: Update the "empty object types" proposal to require curly braces for empty object type definitions.
- Benjie: Proceed with the proposals for "empty interfaces", "empty unions", and "empty enums" as separate RFCs, targeting RFC1 stage.
- Benjie: Finalize and merge the GraphQL over HTTP specification PR #404 once Michael gives approval.
- leebyron: Update the main GraphQL spec to reference the GraphQL over HTTP spec once it's released.
- All TSC members: Review the OTel semantic conventions PR summary and provide feedback or approval for merging.

## Summary

### GraphQL Working Group Meeting

> The GraphQL Working Group meeting began with introductions from attendees including Lee, Benjie from Graphile, James from Airbnb, Martin, Pascal from Chilik, Michael from Telegram, Matt from Meta, and Mark from Yelp. Lee announced that the group would conduct a spec freeze before next month's meeting, aiming to complete it by August for the September/October cut. The meeting then moved to reviewing the agenda, which included discussing best practices for writing robust applications, including topics about sibling errors, empty selection sets, interfaces, and schema validation requirements.

Author: Congratulations on the new role, @michaelstaib 😆 
```suggestion
The GraphQL Working Group meeting began with introductions from attendees including Lee, Benjie from Graphile, James from Airbnb, Martin from Apollo, Pascal and Michael from ChilliCream, Matt from Meta, and Mark from Yelp. Lee announced that the group would conduct a spec freeze before next month's meeting, aiming to complete it by August for the September/October cut. The meeting then moved to reviewing the agenda, which included discussing best practices for writing robust applications, including topics about sibling errors, empty selection sets, interfaces, and schema validation requirements.
```
